# PyBer_Analysis

# Written Analysis (Paragraphs 1 - 3 Below)
  -Paragraph 1:
    The purpose of the Pyber Module was for the firm Pyber to take a deep look into the number of drivers, city types and overall fares earned by the driver/company coupled with the seasonality of the different types of City Types and fluctuation of riders throughout a specific time period. The company executives were were looking to understand the breakdown of rides throughout Pyber's territory and their range during a specific period of time. The Analyst first broke down key parts of the two csv's provided, merged the two csv's and then started to group by the key data sets to arrive at total ride counts, total driver counts and total fare sums. We proceeded to find the sume of the average fare per ride and average fare per driver to then deliver a summary data frame. The data reveals the low, consistent Rural customers, the middle of the road suburban users and the high, consistent usage in the Urban type. This isn't all that surprising due to the high population density of urban areas.
    
  -Paragraph 2:
    I encountered numerous difficulties but over time of trial and error figured out the following. The power of the merging of data sets, the detail of the groupby() function which helps narrow down data with unique headers/columns. The most wonderful code was the pivot table. This was a very useful approach to pulling te multiple colums ie City Types and broke down the data in a very simple format.I used a lot of google, stack over flow and working with other teammates. One of the key supports was the weekend TA's tutoring sessions. I worked through 90% on my own, but did use support in the logic and natural flow of the code. Thanks.
    
    
  -Paragraph 3:
    The data should bring light to what the company should focus on.... Urban delivery of services. The companies bread and butter is the Urban City and should continue to receive the most support with innovation and technoloy; however, the great disparity between rural and urban were strong and tthe rural did provide a steady but light amount of business. Maybe the firm can focus on improving this steady business by highlighting the customers the benefit a few enjoy which can be shared to a larger group. I would love to see the difference in public transportation in different Urban settings. Even though New York and Miami are very urban; one, NYC, has great public transportation while Miami lacks. Maybe there is an opportunity for growth between the two differences.I would love to see what type of Suburban riders take Pyber. Suburban areas tend to be middle of the tier in usage but maybe there an opportunity for carpool pyber or maybe some other insights. In order to breakdown the difference in Urban cities, I would need to further breakdown the city types into regions. Concerning the suburban area, I would look at why they traveled ie work or pleasure. This could help target more customers.
    
    
